c:\users\sergi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\bin\Debug\KonoHa Ekko.exe.config
c:\users\sergi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\bin\Debug\KonoHa Ekko.exe
c:\users\sergi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\bin\Debug\KonoHa Ekko.pdb
c:\users\sergi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\bin\Debug\EloBuddy.dll
c:\users\sergi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\bin\Debug\EloBuddy.SDK.dll
c:\users\sergi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\sergi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\sergi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sergi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\obj\Debug\KonoHa Ekko.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sergi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\obj\Debug\KonoHa Ekko.exe
c:\users\sergi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\obj\Debug\KonoHa Ekko.pdb
C:\Users\sergi\Documents\GitHub\Elobbudy\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\bin\Debug\KonoHa Ekko.exe.config
C:\Users\sergi\Documents\GitHub\Elobbudy\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\obj\Debug\KonoHa Ekko.exe
C:\Users\sergi\Documents\GitHub\Elobbudy\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\obj\Debug\KonoHa Ekko.pdb
C:\Users\sergi\Documents\GitHub\Elobbudy\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\bin\Debug\KonoHa Ekko.exe
C:\Users\sergi\Documents\GitHub\Elobbudy\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\bin\Debug\KonoHa Ekko.pdb
C:\Users\sergi\Documents\GitHub\Elobbudy\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\bin\Debug\EloBuddy.dll
C:\Users\sergi\Documents\GitHub\Elobbudy\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\bin\Debug\EloBuddy.SDK.dll
C:\Users\sergi\Documents\GitHub\Elobbudy\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\sergi\Documents\GitHub\Elobbudy\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\sergi\Documents\GitHub\Elobbudy\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\sergi\Documents\GitHub\Elobbudy\KonoHa Ekko\KonoHa Ekko\obj\Debug\KonoHa Ekko.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
